and i feel like i need to educate people
on how to interact with little people
you know there is a code of conduct it's
kind of like dealing with gremlins
which is my favorite christmas movie
i've actually come up with three major
rules if you come across
another little person obviously you
gotta be respectful
you gotta think of little people like
gremlins right
rule number one don't pat us on the head
that's right it's beneath you people
rule number two
don't pick us up
you know you want to don't you sir
[Music]
because people think oh look she's small
she's gonna be light hell no look at the
size of this
ass
that is a solid booty let me tell you
and rule number three no vodka after
midnight
cause we multiply
or we try
i love this time of year i love shopping
oh my gosh i totally love it i get very
excited when i go to the shopping mall
get really excited and i start running
for the doors right i'm going shopping
i'm running for the doors
oh they got the automatic sensors on the
doors right
jumping up and down come on let me in
i got to do actually got to throw
my handbag up in the air just so i could
get in the damn place
but this is the time of year where i
could go guilt-free shopping that's what
i call it
because i have the best intentions when
i go christmas shopping but
that always seems to be the time where i
find the stuff i like for me
yeah i found some stuff i liked the
other day i go into the fitting room i
close the fitting room door and where
does the bottom of the door come to
here
oh there i am got my big fat ass hanging
out to all the customers
milkshake brings all the boys to the air
[Applause]
[Music]
you